move DDP docs from speed guide (#12024)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/guides/speed.rst

|

> For much more details on how to use DDP, please see the :ref:`DDP Optimizations <ddp-optimizations>` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to tune performance with DDP, please see the :ref:`DDP Optimizations <ddp-optimizations>` section.
```
